Update "Data fixture annotation" documentation (#9273)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/test/integration/annotations/magento-data-fixture-data-provider.md

---
group: testing
title: Data fixture data provider annotation
---

{:.bs-callout-info}

> Data Fixture Data Provider is only applicable to Parameterized Data Fixture and is currently only available for Magento Open Source contributors, and will be released for public with Magento Open Source 2.4.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Fixture Data Provider is only applicable to Parameterized Data Fixture and is currently only available for Magento Open Source contributors. It will be released for general use with Magento Open Source 2.4.5.
```

            [
                'product1' => [
                    'sku' => 'simple1'
                ],
                'product2' => [
                    'sku' => 'simple2'
                ],
                'product3' => [
                    'sku' => 'simple3',
                    'status' => Status::STATUS_DISABLED,
                ],
            ]
        ];
    }
}
```

### Test case and test method scopes

The `@magentoDataFixtureDataProvider` can be specified for a particular test or for an entire test case.
The basic rules for Data Fixture Data Provider annotation at different levels are:

-  `@magentoDataFixtureDataProvider` at a test case level, applies to all fixtures in the test case.
-  `@magentoDataFixtureDataProvider` for a particular test, only applies to the fixtures declared at a test method level.

### Restrictions

`@magentoDataFixtureDataProvider` does not recursively merge fixtures data, thus if the fixture alias is defined in multiple `@magentoDataFixtureDataProvider`, only the last value will be used. `@magentoDataFixtureDataProvider` will not apply to a fixture that has an inline data provider with `with` directive.

<!-- Link definitions -->

> [parameterizedDataFixture]: ../parameterized_data_fixture.html

Reviewer: This link definition doesn't appear to be used anywhere. Please remove it.

Author: Done, thank you!
